README.md, before:

# Monstercat Desktop Player
## Known issues
Please report any issues you have in the issues tab above!

Depending on the specific directory the program is placed in, it automatically closes on launch. This is due to the directory being proteced. To fix this issue, run the program in administrator mode.

## In progress
Detect whether song is paused or not and change Discord RPC / text file to display no song.

## Details
The Monstercat desktop player gives users easier access to the Monstercat website through their desktop. Unlike the normal browser, the desktop player uses less of your computers resources, making it easier for your computer to run games while you listen to music! The program also inclues features like Discord RPC which features the song you are currently playing on your Discord profile (example below)! It also writes the current song you are listening to into a text file, making it easy to display your song on your Twitch stream!

![Discord RPC Image](https://i.imgur.com/uxKxcjS.png)

## Installation
Download the latest release from the [releases](https://github.com/Xuxiym/Monstecat-Desktop-Player/releases) tab, drag it into a folder, and run the Monstercat Desktop Player.exe file! Enjoy! Make sure to download the correct version of the program depending on your CPUs architecture!

## Building
Launch the Monstercat Desktop Player VS solution, if showing Debug change it to Release, select x32 or x64, then go to build and select Build Monstercat Desktop Player. Files will be built to Monstercat Desktop Player/bin/x64 or x86/Release.

Commit message:

Added pause detection
Player now detects when a song is paused and properly updates the SongText.txt file and / or Discord presence with proper information.

README.md, after:

# Monstercat Desktop Player
## Known issues
Please report any issues you have in the issues tab above!

Depending on the specific directory the program is placed in, it automatically closes on launch. This is due to the directory being proteced. To fix this issue, run the program in administrator mode.

## In progress
Nothing currently in progress. If you have any suggestions or issues please leave them in the issues tab above!

## Details
The Monstercat desktop player gives users easier access to the Monstercat website through their desktop. Unlike the normal browser, the desktop player uses less of your computers resources, making it easier for your computer to run games while you listen to music! The program also inclues features like Discord RPC which features the song you are currently playing on your Discord profile (example below)! It also writes the current song you are listening to into a text file, making it easy to display your song on your Twitch stream!

![Discord RPC Image](https://i.imgur.com/uxKxcjS.png)

## Installation
Download the latest release from the [releases](https://github.com/Xuxiym/Monstecat-Desktop-Player/releases) tab, drag it into a folder, and run the Monstercat Desktop Player.exe file! Enjoy! Make sure to download the correct version of the program depending on your CPUs architecture!

## Building
Launch the Monstercat Desktop Player VS solution, if showing Debug change it to Release, select x32 or x64, then go to build and select Build Monstercat Desktop Player. Files will be built to Monstercat Desktop Player/bin/x64 or x86/Release.
